ci(actions): replace `Stalled` milestone with `paused` label (#14667)
Esri/calcite-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `4 - installed`: Issues that have been merged to the `dev` branch and/or are ready for QA/QC.
- `5 - verified`: Issues that have been tested, confirmed as mitigated, and are ready to close.

> ### Paused issue process

Reviewer: Copyedit suggestion to showcase the name rather than process:

```suggestion
### Paused issues
```

Author: Updated in [`9cf753e` (this PR)](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-design-system/pull/14667/commits/9cf753ea0cbf780c836698ece4713cf62bb37a53)

> When work has begun on an issue, but has paused for varying reasons (e.g., priorities shifting, waiting on a meeting or individual), the `paused` label should be added. This helps ensure the issue's status is clearly communicated, aiding in the prioritization and planning process.

Reviewer: Copyedits recommended for process with stronger language on what is performed/enforced rather than recommended:
```suggestion
When work has begun on an issue, but has paused for varying reasons (e.g., priorities shifting, waiting on a meeting or individual), the `paused` label is added. The label ensures the issue's status is clearly communicated, aiding in the prioritization and planning process.
```

Author: Love it, thanks! Updated in [`9cf753e` (this PR)](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-design-system/pull/14667/commits/9cf753ea0cbf780c836698ece4713cf62bb37a53)

When adding the `paused` label, add a comment to the issue stating **why** it has been paused and if predictable, when work is expected to resume. No other lifecycle label change is needed.

> Paused issues may be moved into future milestones or the `Backlog` by PEs, depending on when work is expected to resume and the priority of the issue.

Reviewer: Can we remove specific positions so other team members can adjust if needed?

```suggestion
Paused issues may be moved into future milestones or the `Backlog` milestone by Calcite contributing members, depending on when work is expected to resume and the priority of the issue.
```

Author: For sure, updated in [`9cf753e` (this PR)](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-design-system/pull/14667/commits/9cf753ea0cbf780c836698ece4713cf62bb37a53)
